chore: add section about how the articles are built (#47960)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/language-lead-handbook.md

The "Administrator" level is reserved for freeCodeCamp staff and Language Leads.

### How are the articles built

> We are using a JAMStack app built with Ghost & 11ty & lots of love from the community. Ghost allows for easy management system and tool for drafting and send articles to our database.
> 
> The database send the newly created articles to /news, which 11ty renders them to static HTML content. This process usually takes couple of hours. If you are interested in knowing more, check out the [/news repo](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/news#build).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

We use a [JAMStack](https://www.google.com/search?q=what+is+jamstack)-based approach to build and deploy the articles. This strategy makes for a speedy static site cached and served from a CDN.

[Ghost](https://ghost.org) acts as our content management platform, and [11ty](https://11ty.dev) builds the articles into static assets – plain HTML, JavaScript, and CSS. Only these static assets are deployed to our servers.

This process is automated and runs periodically. If you publish something now, it will be available on the news site in a few hours.

You can find the up-to-date build schedules and status here: https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/news#build 

```
